you know it's been a long time since
I've been using a pair of these right
here but reality situation is the scheme
is good this game is great it is
phenomenal
square enix if you're wondering how to
make a good JRPG and wondering how to
resurrect your company take notice right
here I don't need to make a rant I don't
even make a 20 minute video I don't need
to talk about all the remix spin-offs
and the lack of good sequels that you're
putting out all I got to do is look at
the skin now this game is not without
problem so first problems are SD
graphics I mean ouch
you go from 1920 by 1080 to standard
definition I mean the menus are blurry
the game is blurred it just takes a
while before these 2020 set of eyes to
get used to but that's where I got used
to it the game becomes much more
enjoyable the story is amazing I like
the characters and had a bunch of little
12 year olds the conversations the
interactions between the characters is
very nice and all that stuff it's got a
nice variety of cast I like the world so
far I mean I was up till 6 in the
morning last night playing or 6:00 in
the morning this morning playing that's
how good this game is me the main
character is am shulk good character I
mean the game is just starting out got
supporting character is his best friend
rain big dude and everything like that
then you have this girl fiora who I
thought was gonna be one a love interest
but soon as the Meccan came down
spoilers everybody being played this
game you want to play click the X button
now I mean this chick tried to battle
with the mech Conroe like these
mechanized robot things his giant
walkers and everything and she just
brought her right arm straight up
grill with a tank valve right in the
front headshot a thing that masked Matt
kind dude wasn't having it so he just
threw her down ripped the neck apart and
just ripped her out so within the first
two three hours of the game I would say
you already lose a substantial character
in the game which pretty much does drive
the main character on his mission to
read the world of the met kind nothing
that's cool is the monster or whatever
you want to call that here the giant
Colossus whatever in the beginning you
watch a cutscene and it shows two of
them fighting over a world that's just
pretty much water and then when you
actually get to the game it shows the
intro it's like show you the whole world
it's zooming it's panning out everything
and what's pretty neat is the two guys
that were fighting in the beginning when
they both kill each other that to their
battle of Eternia whatever and his
swords a stuck in each other and
everything the whole world is basically
on the two giants because everything
else is water from Omaha my
understanding see if other main
characters like done then who's an older
character and he starts out in the
beginning he has the blade you see on
the cover of the banana which is really
the only thing that can kill the mech on
but for some reason when you use it outs
he has side effects and drawbacks the
engine is the person using it hopefully
it doesn't end in just show up but who
knows really
when Schalk uses it it gives him like
little telepathy powers you can see
kinda into the future which is pretty
messed up when he actually sees the girl
dying then she dies I mean while I
should not tell her to get out of it oh
he did but you know it's a game so the
characters are good the enemies are
pretty good the world is good technology
is good the graphics are not so good but
it's not enough to take in the turret
attention away from the experienced men
I've miss games like this JRPGs of
fighters are my favorite genres JRPGs on
console
I've been pretty much severely lacking
and fighters gonna come back until
Street Fighter 4 pretty much made a
resurrection through a phoenix down on
the entire genre which counter rebooted
it I mean it's not the best fight it's
not the worst fighter but you got to
give credit where credit is due is
treaty funder for brought arcade stick
phase back and brought that fighting
game craze back and look we are at right
now but I could not recommend this game
better to anybody else who likes RPGs
role-playing games especially RPGs
people that have a huge problem with
Square Enix and the battle system is
good you get to move around you get to
pick different options and things you're
not stuck just going menu menu attack
fight item things like that and they
come up customization is good you fade
gems buy new weapons armor things and
take notes QWERTY mix I mean you
couldn't have fit in towns in HD Final
Fantasy 13 because doing towels would
take too much time and yet it was done
all week by Nintendo developer known as
monoliths people that brought you Zeno
saga and Square Enix got a lot more
money than probably monolith in your a
lot better development studio so you
need to get on your game cuz people are
coming at you right now you got miss
wait a moment
outlets and Square Enix where are you at
but before I end this video I must talk
about my biggest issue with the game if
you were navigating through the menus
and things like that you'll hear this a
lot sounds familiar doesn't it well the
menu system in the game sounds exactly
like your facebook Messenger so oh it's
how I apply into this game I keep
looking at my laptop I keep looking at
my computer thinking I am getting
messages on Facebook sometimes I am and
sometimes I'm not so the key is turn the
computers off when you click the skin
take it easy